NMS-15425: Update dual write plugin docs (#5788)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/time-series-storage/timeseries/configuration.adoc

= Enable Time Series Integration Layer

> Set the following property in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d\timeseries.properties` to configure {page-component-title} to use the Time Series Integration Layer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following property in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/timeseries.properties` to configure {page-component-title} to use the Time Series Integration Layer:
```

[source, properties]
org.opennms.timeseries.strategy=integration

[NOTE]
====
If you are using a container, you can set this as an environment variable in your container's configuration settings instead of creating or modifying a property file:

[source, properties]
OPENNMS_TIMESERIES_STRATEGY=integration
====

[TIP]
====
We also highly recommend that you reference resources stored in the Time Series Integration Layer by their foreign source and foreign ID, as opposed to their database ID.

> To this end, set the following property in the same file:

Reviewer: Which file does this refer to? In the note above, we're referring to the container's configuration settings.

Author: any `opennms.properties.d` file. potentially the same file referenced in line 6, which makes me realize that line 4 references editing the main properties files and not creating a new one.

[source, properties]
org.opennms.rrd.storeByForeignSource=true
====

> After activating the Time Series Integration Layer, you must configure the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you activate the Time Series Integration Layer, you must configure the plugin.
```

For specific instructions, check your plugin's documentation.

> Enabling and/or configuring the Time Series Integration Layer requires a restart of the {page-component-title} service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling and configuring the Time Series Integration Layer requires a restart of the {page-component-title} service.
```

[source, properties]
org.opennms.timeseries.strategy=integration

> NOTE: If using a container, you can set this as an environment variable in your container config instead of as a property file. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are using a container, you can set this as an environment variable in your container's configuration settings instead of creating or modifying a property file:
```

> NOTE: If using a container, it is preferred to set this as an environment variable in your container config instead of as a property file. +

Reviewer 2: Is this a preference? Or is it another option?

They'll most likely also have to twiddle other timeseries properties, so they'll have to fiddle with the property file, anyway (as we talked about, we might change this in the future, but this is at least based on how things are *today*).

> NOTE: If using a container, it is preferred to set this as an environment variable in your container config instead of as a property file. +

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If using a container, you can set this as an environment variable in your container config instead of as a property file. +
```

> 
> [source, properties]
> OPENNMS_TIMESERIES_STRATEGY=integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[source, properties]
OPENNMS_TIMESERIES_STRATEGY=integration
```

> After activating the Time Series Integration Layer, you must implement it; this is done via the Karaf shell:

Author: I've made some restructure to this section.  New commit incoming.
